look at cover that barrier that gets prizes from think first
and ronald koeman being a player of the year of the first and second day
and the top scorer at the ds 79 that his elections are the player of the year
organized by the voter portus association
then they had the viewer after that match
and then we see a building full of beers 79 in the first half
could come a week with a game of psv
Herein crosses of bogers
and then it is real of the wheel that was going to be called with that ball
well shielded by coach
simply be executed by
ans of fractures
then psv that was what the team with the more qualities was so nice here
vanenburg what see how simple lie where you can go at barclays
and then there comes the cross that does not get this under control
and then the cell Hans Gilhaus too late to hit the road with that ball
he can do this with similar resemblance and so it stays that moment it is still 0 0
PSV previously did not get the most out of their jugs so that they could fit badly on this
yellow vanenburg
intercepted by the cultivation image of that of sitting on the outside and marco
borsato penalty area and and then eins him closely
who brings one all the way out so that his not beloved way
the goal could follow also feeds you now so no penalty and stays that way
of course still 0 0 of a time for ds 79 iran is jan van de
hearing the wheel may continue after all the coach chokes on that ball and then
he is only going to use it or finish on the ball trees a nice curve
but next to goal
now here in action from bogeys that you played a lot for themselves
this afternoon
because that boy who wants to go higher and away but he plays the ball and kuman
if that attack starts via lerby then becomes a citizen along the line
sent
and who then goes to see what's going on with an unusual bar behind an ass
and very simple is the acv hans gilhaus that can buy
romano fully watches
and that means the first goal for PSV
and a no way position
ws 79 noon everything was well under care that psv no further as 3 0
would come because at least the number of goals scored will remain the premier division
year under one hundred
Leers is trying to attack the CEO of wares here an action from your Jan van
the wheel pot of fracture intercepts well and then separates barrier nets too
let's come to a striking one
may fall out
and thus it stays 0
PSV continues to attack Hierden Jermaine who brings the ball
the frank arnesians
and they do something very strange and you stumble and fall in pain
to the ground
however, behind the goal line, then care will take place
and the competition that just continues
these people in obdam of state the ball thereby honoring marco boogers
again on the right side of the field what can do with that ball
he goes on to the back lines costs before they do comes here
cross and then he failed to hit the ball
he was very unhappy this afternoon we are not at the bottom of the curve
control who is removed where and then most
and then brought to the hospital and that probably will
be converted to be torn at the ankle straps
but life goes on by nds on football too
at bart swings earlier maybe 9 he is too late to break up is not too fast
off
then it is again the psv you what then the attacks start thinking
who kieft in the person of the willem
who seek that why space is
look a little what the upcoming man sat there himself other for the nedap torture
sit in between they still have a notorious possession of the ball
At the ball then on the outsides German first mail came and went
inventory cross refused to be harmless for
is made a corner of is around a series
then the ball loss on the left side of the field crosses
vanenburg only kieft for
kees cold steel tries or got over it by making a failure
but the advantage rule is applied and will come to be very simple
scoring the first goal this afternoon
m that means that the position so just before the rest because there have arrived on well
two ended up
then not yet passed psv trying got even more again
so comes from a bridge
a top bumpy field a robot that luckily ball for the train too far
besides on purpose but for it so tells that there is a shortage it is possible to
lots of work 0 2 was between bridge position
Then start the second half with the palm actions and the waste for you from
wants with this 79 but by psv what initially attacks
You then lead offers with his pass to Willem Kieft that a meter or two
offside
but may continue
And then score it the second half takes two minutes already played Willem
please
his second goal in this match
final score between at 3 0 and then the maximum reached what we are today against
wanted to have here here in the air but keep out the stick from a bridge across
that bart left 3 4 scissor movements
then the ball the lenskens where can I think your old kieft as free as a bird
you choose from the duty to make your way through the second and third goal of wim
please
m 0 4 stood yesterday
and those were actually the most important achievements in the second half
that is why we saw a doorman from bbs 79 take the mountains out first
division can no longer
now another action from arie of the results
on the other hand, Willem Kieft is completely free, but that is interest from the van
psv does not turn to the horrible balcony of the kees cold steel in the
feet
as I said, the second half doesn't see the depth too much anymore
herein has a chance for gilhaus
does not get the ball on a corner on his slipper but the judge can also get the ball
not a good example
and that is the cold steel that cleans up
Perhaps these reasons are to send the monk into a very nice action of steel
the masts from 30 to the rear line
He had a great proposal so that it would be German professional football
and the hands of hans van broken ears makes him the last one there
last night the beam was another corner of this 79 and the see again a movement of
this paul potts is
it is a very nice thing here all just too high reporting about it
that goal
to the kidneys the last action of the competition against a barrier that still
let's see why he leaves for VVV
bolt earring 2 three people
then on to that back line
leave another man for losers, but nobody was there anymore
means a final score of no 4 at the end of the premier league for ds 9 7